* Every mother in the world goes through lot of struggles to raise a kid, here I am going to tell some of the events 
* If my memory is correct, my first mischievous activity is on nice Saturday, my mom has kept our house clean and started doing pooja for Lord Venkatasa on “Puratasi” Saturday. My mom is notoriously famous for doing pooja, making our house full of smoke creating the decalogue scene shown in tamil movies, someone who is looking into my home, may call Fire Service. Since it is Saturday , as usual I was roaming around the streets with my friends, and found bunch of new born puppies without their mom dog, I immediately decided I need to raise that puppies and brought to my home, and kept it middle of my home. My mom started chanting the slogans and moving around the home with fire and ringing the bell, the puppies brought home scared of sound, started screaming and running around the home creating a havoc. Accidently my mom bumped on a puppy and it gave a small nail scratch, scared of my mom dropper all her pooja utensils. I was in corner of the hall looking at the fun happening in front of my eye, now my mom found who is the culprit for all this havoc and Usain Bolt inside me waked up, but my mom is a smart lady sensed my intention and locked the door of our house. Then finally Saturday Puratasi pooja happened on me  
* I was too skinny during my school days, aunt next door make fun of me telling “Keep me away from strong winds”, this angered my mother, so put on weight she started providing boiled eggs for my lunch. Like any other child, I don’t like yolk of the egg. One nice afternoon, I was telling my friends how much I hate egg yolk, then he suggested he has a work around for it. Let us mix the egg yolk with rice and eat, so you don’t feel like you are eating egg yolk. As I found cocktail of rice and egg yolk good, started distributing my new found cusine to my friends. It includes a Brahmin friend, who ate my cocktail with profound happiness. Once he done with the food, he asked me what is it, I told my formula of mixing rice, sambar, vegetables and egg yolk, he suddenly started crying for having egg. The news of having egg spread like wildfire to Principle and then to my friend’s parents. Next day I had a brainstorming session with my principal, my parents and my Friend’s parents. Finally they decided no one should bring non-vegtarian foods to school. And in the evening I had nice chanting of mantras and pooja from my mother.  
* Like any other 90 kids, I was a big fan of Rajinikanth. Everyday my mom combs my hair neatly and look at me to find proud about herself that how her kid is very innnocnet and obedient. She does not know how much I hated combing my hair neatly. That was the point I was looking for an inspiration for a hair style and found through Superstar. To achieve my superstar hairstyle, simple thing I do is as soon as I come out of my home, I will mess up my hair intentionally. My inspiration does not stop there, putting the pencil in my mouth pretending like I am smoking, fighting with my classmates thinking they are some goons and I am saving the class from them. One day the fight took a serious turn, my friend got hurt in his mouth, the news spread to head master eventually to his parents and my parents. My parents were called for brainstorming session with head master how to discipline me. All my inspiration broken into pieces as I went to my home finding my mom having her tools in hand to discipline me.
